Update Profile Details documentation (#13213)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/explore/profiling/profile-details.mdx

description: "Learn how to explore your profile data using the Profile Details page."
---

> Profiling can be used to gain insight into the exact functions and lines of code that are slow. Each profile has a detailed view that illustrates the code that was running in your application and service while the profile was collected, with different ways to filter and visualize the data. To learn how to set up profiling and access profiling data, see the [**Profiling**](/product/explore/profiling/) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Profiling can be used to gain insight into the exact functions and lines of code that are impacting performance. Each profile has a detailed view that illustrates the code that was running in your application and service while the profile was collected, with different ways to filter and visualize the data. To learn how to set up profiling and access profiling data, see the [**Profiling**](/product/explore/profiling/) documentation.
```

## Minimap

> The **Minimap** shows a zoomed-out view of the profile, with the currently displayed section in a box. You can click and drag the minimap to quickly navigate to a different part of the profile. Holding the Shift key while scrolling will trigger zooming. Releasing the shift key will scroll in both vertical and horizontal directions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Minimap** shows a zoomed-out view of the profile, with the currently displayed section in a box. You can click and drag the minimap to quickly navigate to a different part of the profile. Holding the Shift key while scrolling will trigger zoom. Releasing the shift key will scroll in both vertical and horizontal directions.
```
